---
title: "Case Report #1"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 10
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:** July 14th, 2024

**Age:** 25

**Country:** United States of America

**Medical History:**

- Palmar and Plantar Hyperhidrosis
- Raynaud's Phenomenon
- Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (100% recovered)
- Generalized Anxiety Disorder
- Depression
- Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
- Body Dysmorphic Disorder

**Before Onset:** I was just about to enter my final term of college; worked off and on as well but mainly prioritized schoolwork. I was exercising four times a week and was eating a standard American diet. I was not pursuing romantic relationships. I had poor masturbation habits; edging and "deathgrip." I was addicted to pornography. I spent most of my free time at the computer or reading books. I was experiencing some minor hair loss and was taking both finasteride and minoxidil and tolerated them well; finasteride for about a year and a half at the time, minoxidil for two or three years.

**Approximate Date of Onset:** December 2022

**Onset Description:** Leading up to the onset of HFS for me, I would get pain in my perineum area that would last a few hours after almost every masturbation session. This went on for maybe four or five months before onset. Around Christmas time of 2022, I remember stepping into the shower after a bowel movement and feeling like I had to pee but couldn't. I remember looking down at my penis, noticing new thin purple veins on the shaft. I induced an erection, which took longer than I remembered, and watched as these little veins became more pronounced. I let my erection fizzle out, turned off the shower, and stepped out with my towel over my shoulders. Still feeling like I had to pee, I went over to the toilet and looked down at my penis, noticing a thickened circumflex vein on the right side mid-shaft. This was also the first time that I noticed that my flaccid penis felt firm. From here, I started googling, which eventually led me to the subreddits. I immediately stopped my hair loss treatment as I was afraid that these were causing the symptoms I was experiencing. A week or so went by, and I started noticing sensory changes in my penis, and that feeling of needing to pee all the time morphed into pain; a "funny bone" feeling mixed with either a gnawing, burning, or pins-and-needles type of feeling.

**Symptoms:**

- Hard Flaccid penis; a penis that remains in a firm, semi-rigid state in the absence of sexual desire or arousal
- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
- Painful or tight erections
- No morning erections
- No spontaneous erections
- Paresthesia; tingling or pins and needles in or around the penis
- Dysesthesia; an unpleasant, abnormal sense of touch in or around the penis
- Complete or partial loss of erogenous sensation to the penis
- Hourglassing or Bottlenecking to the penis during the flaccid or semi-erect states
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Testicular retraction
- Pain in or around the penis
- Pain in or around the penis or perineum after ejaculation
- Penis feels “hollow,” “disconnected” or unstable, as if it was not a part of the body
- Discoloration of the skin of the penis
- “Long Flaccid,” where the penis is more extended than it should be and either feels firm or like a balloon filled with water
- Urinary issues, such as incontinence, urgency or duel streams
- Constipation

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:**

- 2022 Pelvic CT Scan: Unremarkable.
- 2023 Urine Culture for suspected UTI: Unremarkable.
- 2023 Blood tests for suspected Prostatitis: Unremarkable.
- 2024 Blood tests for suspected sexual hormonal issues: Slightly low DHT (dihydrotestosterone), everything else in range.
- 2024 other blood tests: low in vitamin B6 and C.
- 2024 Brain, Cervical, and Thoracic MRIs for suspected MS: Unremarkable.
- 2024 Pelvic MRI for pelvic pain: Free fluid in pelvic cul-de-sac of unknown origin, though considered normal.
- 2024 Lumbar MRI for pelvic pain: Epidural fat (epidural lipomatosis) and prominent venous plexus at L5-S1, though considered normal.
- 2024 San Diego Sexual Medicine Lumbar MRI analysis: Unremarkable. Region 1.

**Treatments Attempted:**

- Pelvic Floor Physical Therapy for around six months. No improvements.
- Followed stretch routines on YouTube for a couple months. No improvements.
- Daily exercise for a while following onset, though eventually became too difficult and uncomfortable for me. No improvements.
- Cleaned up my diet and have eaten this way for a while now. No improvements.
- Tried a plethora of supplements. No improvements.
- Tried both kegeling and referse kegeling for a couple weeks. No improvements.
- Have not masturbated or engaged in any sexual activity since onset. No improvements, though defeated my porn addiction.
- Gabapentin, which I take intermittently. No improvements in regards to HFS, but does help mitigate pain, though I'm not on a high dose.
- Alpha blockers; terazosin and alfuzosin. The former was taken for two months, the later two or three weeks. No improvements, though terazosin helped very slightly with urinary incontinence.
- Cialis for the last couple weeks. Helps with erections, does next to nothing for HFS itself.
- Bilateral Pudendal Nerve Block. No improvements in pain or HFS.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** I have dropped out of college, remain unemployed and spend most of my days either curled up in a corner of my bedroom or soaking in a bathtub. I have tried to kill myself and spent time in a mental hospital. I don't think I need to elaborate more than that.

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 10

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:**

- Family Medicine Physicians: 4
- Emergency Room Doctors: 2
- Urologists: 2
- Neurologists: 2
- Psychologists: 2
- Social Workers: 2
- Pelvic Floor Physical Therapist: 1
- Pain Doctor: 1

_Also talked to Dr. Irwin Goldstein from San Diego Sexual Medicine on the phone._

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:**

One of the Urologists was a specialist in Sexual Medicine and was familiar with HFS, though he admitted to me that I was his first patient with the condition.

