---
title: "Case Report #2"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 20
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:**
July 14th, 2024

**Age:** 43

**Country:** United States of America

**Medical History:** I had two surgeries when I was 18 and 21 to fix a pilonoidal cyst near my sacrum. It was left open to heal the first time, but eventually, it needed to be stitched closed. I also have anxiety and depression.

**Before Onset:** In my late teens and early 20s I watched a lot of porn and masturbated for long sessions and doing kegels at the same time. I was obese and sat for most of the day. In 2008 i worked out, got a more active job, and lost weight. I have never smoked. In 2014 i started work at an office job sitting all day. It was also stressful. From 2018 to 2021 I drank heavily. In 2022 I quit drinking and started lifting weights. I did squats with improper form and hurt my back. It was very painful to move.

**Approximate Date of Onset:** July 2022

**Onset Description:** I noticed a golf ball feeling in my perineum and symptoms of prostatitis. I also noticed buttock and hip pain with painful knots in the muscles. I also had weak urinary flow, taking about 60 seconds to empty the bladder.

**Symptoms:**

- Hard Flaccid penis; a penis that remains in a firm, semi-rigid state in the absence of sexual desire or arousal
- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
- Painful or tight erections
- Penis doesn't fill up completely when getting an erection
- No morning erections
- No spontaneous erections
- Painful nocturnal erections
- Dysesthesia; an unpleasant, abnormal sense of touch in or around the penis
- Complete or partial loss of erogenous sensation to the penis
- Complete or partial loss of tactile feeling to the penis; temperature, pressure, vibration, texture
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Pain in or around the penis
- Pain in or around the penis or perineum after ejaculation
- Penis feels “hollow,” “disconnected” or unstable, as if it was not a part of the body
- Soft glans
- “Long Flaccid,” where the penis is more extended than it should be and either feels firm or like a balloon filled with water
- Tilt of the penis to one side while flaccid, erect or both
- Rotation of the penis when erect
- Urinary issues, such as incontinence, urgency or duel streams
- Pelvic floor dysfunction
- “Golf ball” feeling in perineum

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:**
Prostate exam normal. Pelvic mri normal. Testosterone and other labs normal. Perineum and scrotum ultrasound normal. Lumbar mri with L3/L4 and L4/L5 stenosis. Evaluation from pelvic floor pt that confirmed tight pelvic floor.

**Treatments Attempted:**
5mg daily cialis seems to help some. Antibiotics for prostatitis did nothing. Deep breathing helps. Practicing being aware of when I am clenching has helped. Chiropractor didn't help. Strattera made urinary problems worse and gave me painful night time erections. Pelvic pt helped. Regular pt seemed to be the best. My hips and back have improved. My posture has improved.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** It has caused anxiety and made me irritable. I spent a long time reading websites trying to figure out what was going on. It effected my sex life and my libido has decreased. The loss of sensation and erection problems made me hardly want sex at all.

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 4

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:** Urologist (well the PA). Family doctor. Pelvic floor massage specialist located in California via Zoom. Pelvic floor pt. Regular pt. Chiropractor.

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:**
None. The pelvic pt floor pt usually dealt with female pelvic issues.

