---
title: "Case Report #3"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 30
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:** July 14th, 2024

**Age:** 27

**Country:** United States of America

**Medical History:** I broke my arm in high school after a football accident. Besides that, my health has been great.

**Before Onset:** Before the onset of hard flaccid syndrome my life was active and fulfilling. I was physically fit and regularly engaged in activities like running, weightlifting, and playing sports with friends. My social life was vibrant and filled with outings, gatherings, and adventures. My sex life was equally as satisfying. I felt confident in my body and abilities. Professionally, I was focused and productive. Life was great overall.

**Approximate Date of Onset:** September 2023

**Onset Description:** It started after a weightlifting session. It might've been there before but I noticed a firmness in my penis when I got home from the gym that day. Initially, I thought it was just temporary and would resolve on its own, so I ignored it. As days turned into weeks, the discomfort and awkwardness remained. I began experiencing a constant sense of tightness around my penis and occasional pain as well as other scary symptoms. Masturbation felt like a chore. My penis wasn't behaving at all like it used to. It was bewildering and frustrating not knowing what was happening to my body. I turned to the internet searching for any information that could explain my symptoms. I came across forums and communities where others described similar experiences. It was through these online discussions that I first encountered hard flaccid syndrome.

**Symptoms:**

- Hard Flaccid penis; a penis that remains in a firm, semi-rigid state in the absence of sexual desire or arousal
- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
- Painful or tight erections
- Dysesthesia; an unpleasant, abnormal sense of touch in or around the penis
- Complete or partial loss of erogenous sensation to the penis
- Hourglassing or Bottlenecking to the penis during the flaccid or semi-erect states
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Testicular retraction
- Pain in or around the penis
- Penis feels “hollow,” “disconnected” or unstable, as if it was not a part of the body
- Discoloration of the skin of the penis
- Urinary issues, such as incontinence, urgency or duel streams

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:** I haven't had any tests done.

**Treatments Attempted:** Cialis 5mg every day, 8 months, makes sex and masturbation tolerable.
Physical therapy and occasional weightlifting, whole body, since hf started, it has kept me in shape but that's about it.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** I find it difficult to focus at work and my productivity has taken a hit. The constant awareness of this is mentally exhausting. I've tried my best to remain active but this aspect of my lifestyle has been significantly curtailed. A lot of things I used to enjoy seem daunting and exacerbate my symptoms. It's isolating. This isolation has significantly strained my relationships. Sex and masturbation have become a source of stress and self doubt.

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 7

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:** 1 Physician, 1 Urologist

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:** None

