---
title: "Case Report #5"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 50
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:** July 14th, 2024

**Age:** 28

**Country:** Egypt

**Medical History:** hypertension taking beta blocker for it. lower back pain radiating to my left leg. obese. some constipation i feel i can not empty my bowels completly. taking a while to start urinating or some time i can't urinate and feeling i didnt fully empty my bladder.

**Before Onset:** mostly sedentary and excessive masterbation unfortunatly.

**Approximate Date of Onset:** 2022 june

**Onset Description:** penis was contracted as if somone is squeezing it tightly specially if i am walking or going up a flight of stairs.

**Symptoms:**

- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
- Painful or tight erections
- Penis doesn't fill up completely when getting an erection
- No spontaneous erections
- Paresthesia; tingling or pins and needles in or around the penis
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Pain in or around the penis
- Pain in or around the penis or perineum after ejaculation
- “Long Flaccid,” where the penis is more extended than it should be and either feels firm or like a balloon filled with water
- Urinary issues, such as incontinence, urgency or duel streams
- Constipation

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:** didnt get any of them yet because doctors say it is in my head.

**Treatments Attempted:** alpha blocker tamsulosin. muscle relaxant baclofen.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** anxiety and depression and panic attacks.

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 7

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:** 1 urologist. 1 internal medicine.

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:** no one

