---
title: "Case Report #6"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 60
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:** July 14th, 2024

**Age:** 24

**Country:** India

**Medical History:** high blood pressure, hair fall, anxious, acne

**Before Onset:** working job, not active, no sex, frequent masturbation

**Approximate Date of Onset:** november 2023

**Onset Description:** I did jelqs for 5 days and felt pain 5th day in penis. the pain lasted a long time so I stopped doing the jelqs and it was harder to get erection and I had no morning erection. my penis was firm and glans were not filled and hourglass is in middle.

**Symptoms:**

- Hard Flaccid penis; a penis that remains in a firm, semi-rigid state in the absence of sexual desire or arousal
- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
- Penis doesn't fill up completely when getting an erection
- No morning erections
- No nocturnal erections
- No spontaneous erections
- Dysesthesia; an unpleasant, abnormal sense of touch in or around the penis
- Complete or partial loss of erogenous sensation to the penis
- Hourglassing or Bottlenecking to the penis during the flaccid or semi-erect states
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Testicular retraction
- Pain in or around the penis
- Penis feels “hollow,” “disconnected” or unstable, as if it was not a part of the body
- Discoloration of the skin of the penis
- Soft glans

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:** penis ultrasound. urine test. blood test I forgot what was tested. all tests are fine.

**Treatments Attempted:** stretching for weeks.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** suicidal, anxious, depressed, angry

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 9

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:** urologist and gp

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:** 0

