---
title: "Case Report #7"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 70
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:** July 14th, 2024

**Age:** 21

**Country:** United States of America

**Medical History:** clean medical background

**Before Onset:** I was in my senior year of high school. I had a lot of friends and played baseball before covid but covid made me stay in my room most of the time. played video games. a lot of masturbating.

**Approximate Date of Onset:** february 2021

**Onset Description:** basically I masturbated 3 times in a day when I had the house alone to myself over a weekend. I don't remember feeling pain however I felt really tight down there. I can't remember when I realized that my penis wasn't normal but I went to the doctor about it and he said he couldn't do anything. I don't remember when or how I found out I had hard flaccid but I probably came accross it when looking stuff up.

**Symptoms:**

- Hard Flaccid penis; a penis that remains in a firm, semi-rigid state in the absence of sexual desire or arousal
- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Painful or tight erections
- No spontaneous erections
- Dysesthesia; an unpleasant, abnormal sense of touch in or around the penis
- Complete or partial loss of erogenous sensation to the penis
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Testicular retraction
- Penis feels “hollow,” “disconnected” or unstable, as if it was not a part of the body
- Tilt of the penis to one side while flaccid, erect or both
- Pelvic floor dysfunction

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:** my doctor had me do some blood tests but that's all. I haven't been to a doctor in 2 years however.

**Treatments Attempted:** basically just stretching and making sure my health is good.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** I used to be suicidal but have learned to deal with it even though it is not comfortable. distracting myself playing video games or hanging out with friends makes it better.

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 6

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:** my regular doctor

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:** he thought I was crazy I think

