---
title: "Case Report #8"
description: ""
summary: ""
date: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
lastmod: 2023-09-07T16:04:48+02:00
draft: false
weight: 80
toc: true
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

**DISCLAIMER:** <ins><em>The following case report was submitted by a member of the online community. Given the self-reported nature of this information and the inherent limitations of internet submissions, we cannot verify the accuracy of the diagnosis or confirm that the individual described indeed has Hard Flaccid Syndrome (HFS).</em></ins>

**Date of Submission:** July 15th, 2024

**Age:** 42

**Country:** United States of America

**Medical History:** None

**Before Onset:** Healthy husband and father of 3 kids, Physical therapist and clinical director of an outpatient clinic. Hiked regularly, lifted weights when I could, rode bikes and played with my kids. Sexual function was perfect, high libido, never had a single problem getting erections, in fact, getting erections was almost too easy and the slightest thought would probably cause an erection. I was highly sexual and craved sex daily, masturbating only once per day unless I had sex with the wife. Nothing rough, very ordinary, never used toys. My wife had lower libido.

**Approximate Date of Onset:** March 08, 2022

**Onset Description:** I had some stress related to work, raising 3 kids under 5, and not getting enough sleep. My physician prescribed me an antidepressant, lexapro, which I only took for 3 weeks (22 days) only 5mg. First week I noticed my libido disappeared, second week I noticed I stopped getting erections and morning wood, and third week I lost sensation in my penis and my dick retracted and developed hard flaccid. I quickly looked up side effects from Lexapro and discovered PSSD. It was not until about 5 months later with researching I found some posts about hard flaccid that described my symptoms, along with PSSD and even PFS.

Initial Crash: The night before my hard flaccid and numbness developed I couldn’t get an erection and tried masturbating and had like this premature ejaculation without a full hard on, very strange and stressful experience. Then I woke up on March 8, 2022, to a numb penis, dead penis, hard flaccid, no erections, no libido, terrible tinnitus, brain fog, my heart rate was high, I felt like I was shaking and new something was drastically wrong. I felt absolutely destroyed, stressed, traumatized by such a terrible and sudden change of health. It felt like a switch was turned off.

I immediately called and scheduled an appointment with a doctor who was available because numbness to your genitalia and different presentation to your penis is not normal. They just told me it was probably just side effects from the medication so I cut cold turkey which my doctor said was ok since it was a low dose and short duration. About days 3-5 after cutting cold turkey I had flu like symptoms, body aches, headache, fatigue.
My ears kept ringing, I lost ability to sleep throughout the night, my body would wake up after 2-3 hours of sleep and I'd struggle to fall back asleep. The absolute loss of penile sensation and sudden change in appearance and lack of morning wood and erections was insanely agonizing and terrifying. I was unable to get aroused.

In the beginning I started having pain in my left testicle, left lower quadrant/abdominal, hip/groin area. Burning sensation when peeing (this has stopped), frequent urination to almost lack of voiding, (I feel that my urination frequency has returned to normal but I do get weak stream and sometimes difficulty starting but not often)

I had this Hot/Cold burning sensation in my balls a few times earlier on.

About 3 weeks into my symptoms I tried working out to relieve my stress and anxiety about it and started doing battle ropes and performing squat slams with them and felt a powerful sensation of a string being pulled from my penis to my left lower quadrant and immediately looked at my penis which was retracted into my stomach and could barely see the head and had to pull it out gently.

My ball sack fluctuated between hard and pulled up like one giant testicle while at other times it hung super low and dangling like I’ve never seen.

During the first few weeks my penis was stuck in this exact same short hard flaccid state, it never could just drop and relax and hang like it used to. It would often be Left leaning and had a left rotation. It curves to the left when slowly filling up when getting an erection. My penis felt uncomfortable in my pants because it would not relax and hang down so the head would just press constantly into my pants. I felt disconnected from my penis as if it was this rubber joystick stuck to me. Feels loose at the base.

Over the next several weeks/ months after discontinuing Lexapro, the anhedonia set in and I noticed I lost interest in reading, music, really enjoying anything. It was like my body was stuck in maximum fight or flight system and I couldn't relax. My motivation for anything tanked. I realized I didn't care about or could focus on anything other than my horrible condition and figure out what the fuck was wrong with me. I was having trouble recalling words, difficulty remembering and concentrating, I questioned if I was actually having early onset dementia or some other neurological condition. My muscles fatigued, especially my calves which cramped up within a couple minutes of trying to run and then I started to notice theses small muscle fasciculations in my calves that would fire intermittently when resting- Sitting down or lying I could feel multiple small and sporadic muscle contractions just constantly going off.

I did get some double vision when trying to look straight up with my eyes or up and diagonally to my R side I get double vision. I also noticed blood pressure and heart rate changes. Every morning I would wake up in this fight or flight mode, my heart would be racing and I felt hungover and not rested. It was exhausting. My heart rate variability decreased.

Any how. I have seen several doctors, 3 urologist, 1 neurologist, 2 pelvic floor therapist (said I was normal and I had to "reset my nervous system"), had 3 different appointments with psychiatrist to inquire about their experience with prescribing medication and causing sexual dysfunction with SSRIs and none of them admitted to this being something they have heard of. Went to a men's clinic to consult about TRT (opted out because I wasn't sure it would help and cause more problems but I might still do it) Even started seeing a therapist who specializes in sex and she has been the biggest advocate and support of all professionals.

First urologist basically yelled at me and said this wasn't ED because it doesn't happen overnight like I was telling him and told me it was anxiety performance and to stop researching online and get off the forums.

Second urologist mentioned hard flaccid as a new diagnosis but then denied to do anything, prescribed me Cialis and Flowmax and then in subsequate visits she tried telling me that the male anatomy will change over the lifespan?

3rd urologist who specialized in neurological conditions did tell me that antidepressants change the biochemistry of the brain and cause a "software" problem that breaks the communication between the brain, spinal cord and erogenous zone and they don't understand the mechanism and therefore no treatment exists and that to think of it as a limp for the rest of my life.

I have had an ultrasound to rule out hernia, urine test to rule out UTI/STI/STD. No medical professional performed a Doppler, checked for venous leakage, fibrosis in penile tissue. Neurologist denied Small Fiber Neuropathy, inflammation, did not order any lab work, nothing, just simply said it "sounds like you're getting better and just take more time".

It’s been 2 years and my orgasms with sex have nearly disappeared, my penis still has hard flaccid symptoms, no spontaneous erections, low libido, loss of sensation.

**Symptoms:**

- Hard Flaccid penis; a penis that remains in a firm, semi-rigid state in the absence of sexual desire or arousal
- Cold feeling in the glans, shaft or entire penis
- Difficulty achieving or maintaining an erection
- Penis doesn't fill up completely when getting an erection
- No morning erections
- No spontaneous erections
- Dysesthesia; an unpleasant, abnormal sense of touch in or around the penis
- Complete or partial loss of erogenous sensation to the penis
- Complete or partial loss of tactile feeling to the penis; temperature, pressure, vibration, texture
- Vascular changes to the penis; engorged veins, spider veins
- Testicular retraction
- Pain in or around the penis
- Penis feels “hollow,” “disconnected” or unstable, as if it was not a part of the body
- Soft glans
- “Long Flaccid,” where the penis is more extended than it should be and either feels firm or like a balloon filled with water
- Tilt of the penis to one side while flaccid, erect or both
- Rotation of the penis when erect
- Urinary issues, such as incontinence, urgency or duel streams
- Pelvic floor dysfunction
- “Golf ball” feeling in perineum
- Constipation

**Medical Tests and Diagnostic Procedures:** Ultrasound to rule out a hernia. Doctors have refused any other tests.

**Treatments Attempted:**

- Cialis is ongoing 2.5- 5 mg daily.
- Took Flowmax for several months but stopped because it didn’t do anything for improving sensation or erections and my orgasms slowly disappeared after onset and wasn’t sure if it was contributing to loss of orgasm but it did cause my penis to hang more loose but also felt like my colon was going to prolapse.

**Impact of HFS on Everyday Life:** Ruined my life, caused significant distress to my mental health, relationship with my wife, ruined my perfect sexual health, became obsessed about what was wrong, researching for treatment, answers and trying to find help.

**On a scale of 1 to 10, how debilitating is HFS for you?:** 6

**Doctors you have seen for HFS:** 3 general practitioners, 3 urologists, 2 pelvic floor therapists, 1 neurologist, 1 sexual health therapist.

**How many of these doctors were familiar with HFS?:** Only one urologist, she mentioned hard flaccid but said it’s a new diagnosis and knows nothing else and later tried telling me that the male anatomy changes over the lifespan. They all refused to do any further testing or imaging and pretty much just told me I was normal. Very frustrating to say the least.

